fix: Clearer language around new feature status of URL elicitation (#1825)
modelcontextprotocol/modelcontextprotocol: docs/specification/draft/client/elicitation.mdx

### URL Mode Elicitation Requests

<Note>

> New feature: URL mode elicitation is newly-introduced in this version of the MCP specification, and its design may evolve in future protocol versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**New feature:** URL mode elicitation is introduced in the `2025-11-25` version of the MCP specification. Its design and implementation may change in future protocol revisions.
```

  elicitation URL the server wants them to open.
</Note>

> URL mode elicitation requests **MUST** specify `mode: "url"`, a `message`, and include these additional parameters:

Author: No substantive change here, just clarifying that `message` (described earlier in the document` is still a required field for this type of `elicitation/create` request.
